Gives more details about DLEQ proof. (#344)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

group elements have the same discrete logarithm without revealing the
discrete logarithm.

The DLEQ proof resembles the Chaum-Pedersen {{ChaumPedersen}} proof, which
is shown to be zero-knowledge by Jarecki, et al. {{JKK14}} and is
noninteractive after applying the Fiat-Shamir transform {{FS00}}.
Furthermore, Davidson, et al. {{DGSTV18}} showed a proof system for
batching DLEQ proofs that has constant-size proofs with respect to the
number of inputs.
The specific DLEQ proof system presented below follows this latter

> construction with minor modifications in the transcript used to generate
> the challenge, and replaces the pseudorandom number generator by a
> seed-prefixed hash to scalar invocation for sampling scalars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
construction with two modifications: (1) the transcript used to generate
the seed includes more context information, and (2) the individual challenges
for each element in the proof is derived from a seed-prefixed hash-to-scalar 
invocation rather than being sampled from a seeded PRNG.
```
